docs/md/writings/index.md, before:

# Writings

# [Rust is Nice](rust-is-nice.md)
After putting it off for years,
I finally learned Rust.
Even though it has been the most loved programming language [since 2016](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2016#technology-most-loved-dreaded-and-wanted),
I still could not get over the complex-appearing syntax.
Luckily, I was planning on making a program in C and had a lot of free time,
so I decided to do it in a new programming language.
After quickly considering APL,
I noticed that it was probably the time to learn Rust.
Now I understand why people like it.

# [Markdown: A Patch for the Modern Web](markdown--a-patch-for-the-modern-web.md)
I think it is no secret that websites have become worse with time.
From ads to pop-ups to terrible load times,
it seems that looking stuff up gets harder as every second goes by.
People have tried to reform the Internet.
Projects like [Gopher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gopher_(protocol))[1](#gopher){.footnote}
and [Gemini](https://gemini.circumlunar.space/) come to mind.
Although they have been very successful in their niches (including me),
I find it hard to believe regular people are using them.
I think the solution is often overlooked in between attempts to reinvent the wheel.
It is a format that is already widely used: Markdown.

# [Approximating 𝑒 in 6½ Programming Languages](approximating----in-6--programming-languages.md)
I often use programming languages to play around with mathematical problems,
as they are often the fastest option to quickly iterate over ideas.
I have used the usual scripting options, like Python, JavaScript, Julia, Go, and even `bc`.
That left me wanting to compare some of them,
but then I noticed I could use the opportunity to compare a more diverse range of languages.
This is the result of the comparison.

# [Testing 3 Common Shell Optimizations](testing-3-common-shell-optimizations.md)
Although worrying about performance in shell scripts seems ironic at first (at least to me),
I have seen enough tips to become curious about the actual benefits of some of them.
So, I decided to put three common ones to the test, with [a few self-made benchmarks](https://github.com/hhhhhhhhhn/bensh).

Commit message:

Add text editor reflection article

docs/md/writings/index.md, after:

# Writings

# [A Reflection on Vim-like Text Editors](a-reflection-on-vim-like-text-editors.md)
As a programmer, choosing the right text editor is crucial
since you may spend several hours a day working in it.
With so many options available,
Vim-like text editors have gained a special reputation among enthusiasts.
In this reflection,
I would like to consider how these editors hold up to scrutiny
and whether they still deserve their high status.

# [Rust is Nice](rust-is-nice.md)
After putting it off for years,
I finally learned Rust.
Even though it has been the most loved programming language [since 2016](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2016#technology-most-loved-dreaded-and-wanted),
I still could not get over the complex-appearing syntax.
Luckily, I was planning on making a program in C and had a lot of free time,
so I decided to do it in a new programming language.
After quickly considering APL,
I noticed that it was probably the time to learn Rust.
Now I understand why people like it.

# [Markdown: A Patch for the Modern Web](markdown--a-patch-for-the-modern-web.md)
I think it is no secret that websites have become worse with time.
From ads to pop-ups to terrible load times,
it seems that looking stuff up gets harder as every second goes by.
People have tried to reform the Internet.
Projects like [Gopher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gopher_(protocol))[1](#gopher){.footnote}
and [Gemini](https://gemini.circumlunar.space/) come to mind.
Although they have been very successful in their niches (including me),
I find it hard to believe regular people are using them.
I think the solution is often overlooked in between attempts to reinvent the wheel.
It is a format that is already widely used: Markdown.

# [Approximating 𝑒 in 6½ Programming Languages](approximating----in-6--programming-languages.md)
I often use programming languages to play around with mathematical problems,
as they are often the fastest option to quickly iterate over ideas.
I have used the usual scripting options, like Python, JavaScript, Julia, Go, and even `bc`.
That left me wanting to compare some of them,
but then I noticed I could use the opportunity to compare a more diverse range of languages.
This is the result of the comparison.

# [Testing 3 Common Shell Optimizations](testing-3-common-shell-optimizations.md)
Although worrying about performance in shell scripts seems ironic at first (at least to me),
I have seen enough tips to become curious about the actual benefits of some of them.
So, I decided to put three common ones to the test, with [a few self-made benchmarks](https://github.com/hhhhhhhhhn/bensh).
